Include Partition in Default Scope - release notes (#4125)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-05-24-manage.md

Author: @manashar4 Thanks for your review. I have added the content in the suggested doc, please let me know your feedback on the same.

---
title: Include Partition in Default Scope - Flex (Manage) 
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - partitions
  - manage
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We are excited to announce that we have added a new **Include this partition in default scope** checkbox to our Create Partitions page. This allows you to include or exclude the partition from the default scope of query. When included and if `_index` is not considered in the query, all the included partitions will be considered for search query by default. [Learn more](/docs/manage/partitions/flex/create-edit-partition-flex).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce that we have added a new **Include this partition in default scope** checkbox to our Create Partitions page. This checkbox allows you to include or exclude the partition from the default query scope. When included, and if `_index` is not specified in the query, all the included partitions will be considered by default for search queries. [Learn more](/docs/manage/partitions/flex/create-edit-partition-flex).
```
